---
title: may all beings be happy
---

## Curriculum/Resume

Being so adimate about informatics standards, i couldn't but use a standard also
for the CV: i have used the EuropassCV format. The PDF was generated from the
[europass European Union](https://europa.eu/europass/) website and it includes
the CV in Europass XML format. You can extract the XML with `pdfdetach`.

[Curriculum Vitae PDF](Toni_Magni_CV.pdf)

The europass website also allows one to generate an HTML version which looks
like this:

[Curriculum Vitae HTML](Toni_Magni_CV.html)

<hr/>

## Current Projects

This is a list of projects i am currently engaged with.

### open-ortho

A project with the mission to bring real interoperability to the people in the
orthodontic domain. See open-ortho on [github](https://www.open-ortho.org).

### ortocomputer.com

A service to provide orthodontic practice with top quality IT services,
focussing on gaining full control over the medical data, by making use of open
software standards.

### American Dental Association

As co-chair of the working group 11.6 on orthodontic software standards, we
identify the informatics requirements of the orthodontic domain in the field of
orthodontics, and make sure that the relevant standards can handle them.

### tops Software

Mac based orthodontic practice management software. I have been working at tops
Software since 2007, improving internal processes from the beginning. At tops
Software [Alex G](https://www.alexgoryuk.com) and i have started an internal
research and development team.

<hr/>

## About me

I am 

Your ‘About Me’ page should convey:

* Who you are and what you’re doing
* How you got there
* Where you’re looking to go next

Use it to describe your credentials, expertise, and goals. What’s the best way
to start? The following exercises can be helpful in figuring all of that out,
and will help you determine what to include based on your target audience.

Spend about five minutes on each question. You can use the ‘example’ answers to
give you an idea of what that answer might sound like in its final form, but be
sure to use your own words. 

Continue reading [here](https://www.thebalancecareers.com/how-to-write-about-me-page-examples-4142367)

<hr/>

## The lowercase "i" pronoun

It is not by accident that i spell "i" lowercase. This is a personal preference.
I don't know of any other language that capitalizes the first person singular
pronoun, and i don't understand the reason to do so. As if i didn't have enough
ego, that i need to capitalize my pronoun... Feels weird.